---
title: Gen3Sec Introduction 
excerpt: What to expect from this project
permalink: /intro/introductions
categories:
  - topics
#background-image: Gen3Sec_new.png
date: 2019-01-24
---
<!-- Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics -->
<script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-132314113-1"></script>
<script>
  window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'UA-132314113-1');
</script>

# Welcome!

Thanks for coming by. I would like to start by giving you some highlights of why this site exists, what you can expect to encounter as we go along, and generally introduce myself.

You can check out the intro video below, if you would prefer. 
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mA3eliZFv_U" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
This site exists becuase I wanted a place where I can practice my skillset, explore new challenges, learn, and hopefully provide valuable content to you along the way. I love to learn new things and share that information with others. I enjoy the information security community and would like to be able to provide some value back in response to all that I have received from everyone in it.  

I currently lead a security program. I love what I do. To me, it is more than a job, career, hobby, or something to do. Security and technology is all of that, but it is also more of a lifestyle - a wonderful place to explore, play, and learn.  

We will look at a ton of different technologies, business, labs, and other fun things as we go along on this adventure. Some of those will include:

  * Security
    * Risk management
    * Tools (blue and red team)
    * Concepts and best practices
    * CISSP
    * and more
  * Python and PowerShell scripting
 
  * Home labs
    * Local virtual machines in various enviornments
    * Cloud with Azure and AWS
  * How to build static websites with GitHub Pages

  * Much, much more

I plan on a working through a project with you here every 1 to 2 weeks. Again, I hope you find some value here. If you have ideas or suggestions that you would like to work through, please feel free to reach out. You can find all of the appropriate contact information here on the site.

There is currently no monetary reimbursement or payment for any of the tools that we will use, cotent that I create, or for anything I recommend. If that changes, I will let you know. 

If you do decide to play along and use any of the offensive tools, please make sure that you only do so against devices or machines that you own and/or have written authorization to perform the activity on. We don't want anyone to get into trouble.

I think our first project will be standing up a GitHub Pages site. I will create a test environment similar to this site so you can work along and set-up a site of your own, if you would like.